docs/welcome.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# 🧱 Welcome to Verza!

Welcome, developers! We're excited to introduce you to Verza, a browser-based platform designed for creating and sharing custom game modes using JavaScript. Our aim is to provide a powerful, yet user-friendly environment that makes it easy for developers like you to bring your creative visions to life.

## Why Verza?

Verza sets itself apart by offering:

- 💻 **A familiar language:** Develop game modes using JavaScript, one of the most popular programming languages, making it accessible to a wide range of developers.
- 🌐 **Browser-based development:** No need for additional software—create, test, and iterate on your game modes directly in the browser.
- 🛠️ **Powerful SDK:** Our feature-rich SDK includes support for assets, physics, player input, networking, and much more.
- 👥 **Collaborative community:** Share your creations on the Verza platform and collaborate with a thriving community of passionate developers.

## Join Our Discord

Connect with fellow developers, ask questions, share your projects, and get the latest updates by joining our official [Verza Discord server](https://discord.verza.io). We're excited to welcome you to our growing community!

## What's Next?

Ready to dive in? Head over to the [Getting Started](/getting-started) section to learn how to set up your development environment, create a new project, and familiarize yourself with the Verza SDK.

As you explore, you'll find detailed explanations, code examples, and tips for optimizing your development experience. We're committed to providing a top-notch developer experience and are always eager to hear your feedback.

So, let's get started! Embrace your creativity and join the Verza community in building unique and engaging game modes. We can't wait to see what you create!

Commit message:

Design, font, updated sections title (improvements)

docs/welcome.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
hide_table_of_contents: true
title: 🧱 What is Verza
hide_title: true
---

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Verza Logo" src="/img/logo-name.svg" />
</p>

# 🧱 What is Verza

<h3>Welcome, creators 👋!</h3>

Verza is a browser-based platform designed for creating and sharing custom game modes and experiences using JavaScript.
Our aim is to provide a powerful, yet user-friendly environment that makes it easy
for creators like you to bring your creative visions to life.

## Why Verza?

Verza sets itself apart by offering:

- 🌎 **No Server Required:** Verza hosts your game mode or experience for you, so you don't have to worry about setting up and maintaining a server.
- #️⃣ **A familiar language:** Develop using JavaScript, the most popular programming language, making it accessible to a wide range of developers.
- 🌐 **Browser-based development:** No need for additional software—create, test, and iterate directly in the browser.
- 🛠️ **Powerful SDK:** The Verza SDK includes support for assets, physics, player input, networking, storage, and much more.
- 🧩 **Collaborative community:** Share your creations on the Verza platform and collaborate with a thriving community of passionate developers.
- 💸 **It's free (yay it's freeeee!):** Verza is free to use, and we don't charge any fees for hosting your game mode or experience.

## Join Our Discord

Connect with fellow creators, ask questions, share your ideas and screenshots, and get the latest updates by joining our official [Verza Discord server](https://discord.verza.io). We're excited to welcome you to our growing community!

## What's Next?

Ready to dive in? Head over to the [Getting Started](/getting-started) section to learn how to set up your development environment, create a new project, and familiarize yourself with the Verza SDK.

As you explore, you'll find detailed explanations, code examples, and tips for optimizing your development experience. We're committed to providing a top-notch developer experience and are always eager to hear your feedback.

So, let's get started! Embrace your creativity and join the Verza community in building unique and engaging game modes. We can't wait to see what you create!
